improved the dev docs (#1824)
accuknox/KubeArmor: contribution/contribution_guide.md

4. Check the changes

>    If you have changed the core code of KubeArmor then please run "test_kubearmor.sh" before committing the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have changed the core code of KubeArmor then please run "make" in tests directory before committing the changes
```
`test_kubearmor.sh` isn't relevant anymore, it's supposed to be deprecated
